Documentation for extending mc docker image with additional configuration (#40)
hazelcast/management-center-docker: README.md

You can check [Hazelcast IMDG Documentation](http://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/latest/manual/html-single/) and [Management Center Documentation](http://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/management-center/latest/manual/html/index.html) for more information.

## Table of Content
 - [Quick Start]
 - [Mounting Management Center Home Directory]
 - [Enabling TLS/SSL]
 - [Hazelcast Member Configuration]
 - [Using Custom Logback Configuration File]
 - [Starting with an Extra Classpath]
 - [Enabling Health Check Endpoint]

>  - [Customizing container setup]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Customizing Container Setup]
```

>  - [Start with a preconfigured admin user]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Start with a Preconfigured Admin User]
```

>  - [JVM heap configuration]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [JVM Heap Configuration]
```

>  - [Configuring management center inside you custome Docker image]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Configuring Management Center inside your custom Docker image]
```

## Quick Start
[Quick Start]: #quick-start

You can launch Hazelcast Management Center by simply running the following command. Please check available versions for $MANAGEMENT_CENTER on [Docker Store](https://store.docker.com/community/images/hazelcast/management-center/tags)

```
docker run --rm -m 512m -p 8080:8080 hazelcast/management-center:$MANAGEMENT_CENTER
```

> **NOTE:** Please, make sure that you are not using `:latest` tag, because 3.x and 4.x versions are not compatible. You can check [Supported Environments](https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/management-center/latest/manual/html/index.html#supported-environments) section for more info on compatibility versions between Management Center and IMDG, Jet clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Please, make sure that you are not using `latest` tag, because 3.x and 4.x versions are not compatible. You can check [Supported Environments](https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/management-center/latest/manual/html/index.html#supported-environments) section for more info on compatibility versions between Management Center and IMDG, Jet clusters.
```

You can check [Hazelcast IMDG Documentation](http://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/latest/manual/html-single/) and [Management Center Documentation](http://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/management-center/latest/manual/html/index.html) for more information.

## Table of Content
 - [Quick Start]
 - [Mounting Management Center Home Directory]
 - [Enabling TLS/SSL]
 - [Hazelcast Member Configuration]
 - [Using Custom Logback Configuration File]
 - [Starting with an Extra Classpath]
 - [Enabling Health Check Endpoint]
 - [Customizing container setup]
 - [Start with a preconfigured admin user]
 - [JVM heap configuration]
 - [Configuring management center inside you custome Docker image]

## Quick Start

> [Quick Start]: #quick-start

Reviewer 2: Not closely related to this PR, but if you are working on the docs anyway, please add a note in bold that users shouldn't use the `:latest` tag, since they can't know if the most recent release was 3.x or 4.x. So they should explicitly set the version number, according to their IMDG major version.

Author: added in https://github.com/hazelcast/management-center-docker/pull/40/commits/9170724b9e3694dc9fa6d8ddd14d687dcf96c93e

Reviewer 3: `latest` can be only 4.x as we have only one project on the hub. For example for OpenShift images, we have separate project for 3.x and 4.x so there are two `latest` to tags

Reviewer 2: @yuraku [right now](https://hub.docker.com/r/hazelcast/management-center/tags) `:latest` was released 23 days ago, and `.3.12.12` was also released 23 days ago. Aren't they the same?

Reviewer 3: no, it's `ENV MC_VERSION=4.2020.08`

Reviewer 3: 3.12.12 updated the latest by mistake, so I've fixed it and published the correct one, that's why it's on the same date

Author: anyway, I think it is a good practice to use concrete tags and encourage users to do so, at least can save time during debugging

Reviewer 3: totally agree. just saying that we shouldn't specify anywhere that we have two `latest` tags

This endpoint may be used in container-orchestraction systems, like Kubernetes. Refer to [the Management Center documentation](https://docs.hazelcast.org/docs/management-center/3.12.5/manual/html/index.html#enabling-health-check-endpoint) for more information.

> ## Customizing container setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customizing Container Setup
```

> [Customizing container setup]: #customizing-container-setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Customizing Container Setup]: #customizing-container-setup
```

The commands defined by the variables are executed before starting the Management Center in the listed order.

> ## Start with a preconfigured admin user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Start with a Preconfigured Admin User
```

> [Start with a preconfigured admin user]: #start-with-a-preconfigured-admin-user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Start with a Preconfigured Admin User]: #start-with-a-preconfigured-admin-user
```

```

> ## JVM heap configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## JVM Heap Configuration
```

> [JVM heap configuration]: #jvm-heap-configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[JVM Heap Configuration]: #jvm-heap-configuration
```

         -e CONTAINER_SUPPORT='false' -e MIN_HEAP_SIZE='512M' -e MAX_HEAP_SIZE='1024M' -e JAVA_OPTS='-XX:MaxGCPauseMillis=200' \
         --rm hazelcast/management-center
```

## Configuring management center inside you custome Docker image
[Configuring management center inside you custome Docker image]: #configuring-management-center-inside-you-custome-docker-image

> If you are creating Docker imange with `hazelcast/management-center` as a base image and want to make additional configuration using `mc-conf.sh` you have to specify `--home=${MC_DATA}` flag for each `mc-conf` command. That makes sure that `mc-conf` stores data to the same folder that management-center will use at runtime

Reviewer 2: Please write it as "If you create a Docker image". At least change "imange" to "image" :)

Where does this $MC_DATA environment variable come from? Is it always defined in an MC container? As a reader I would like to know what this is. Can `$MC_DATA` contain whitespaces, by any chance? If yes, then it is safer to use `--host="${MC_DATA}"` .

Nit: can we please use "directory" instead of "folder"? Directory is just more common in linux terminology.

Author: updated in https://github.com/hazelcast/management-center-docker/pull/40/commits/9170724b9e3694dc9fa6d8ddd14d687dcf96c93e

         -e CONTAINER_SUPPORT='false' -e MIN_HEAP_SIZE='512M' -e MAX_HEAP_SIZE='1024M' -e JAVA_OPTS='-XX:MaxGCPauseMillis=200' \
         --rm hazelcast/management-center
```

> ## Configuring management center inside you custome Docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Management Center Inside Your Custom Docker Image
```

> [Configuring management center inside you custome Docker image]: #configuring-management-center-inside-you-custome-docker-image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Configuring Management Center Inside Your Custom Docker Image]: #configuring-management-center-inside-you-custome-docker-image
```

> If you create Docker image with `hazelcast/management-center` as a base image and want to make additional configuration using `mc-conf.sh` you have to specify `--home="${MC_DATA}"` flag for each `mc-conf` command. That makes sure that `mc-conf` stores data to the same directory that management-center will use at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you create Docker image with `hazelcast/management-center` as a base image and want to make additional configuration using `mc-conf.sh`, you have to specify `--home="${MC_DATA}"` flag for each `mc-conf` command. That makes sure that `mc-conf` stores data to the same directory that Management Center will use at runtime.
```

For example:

```
FROM hazelcast/management-center:4.2020.08

# Preconfigure cluster connections
ENV MC_CLUSTER1_NAME=my-cluster
ENV MC_CLUSTER1_ADDRESSLIST=127.0.0.1:5701

# Start Management Center
CMD ["bash", "-c", "set -euo pipefail \

>       && ./mc-conf.sh cluster add --cluster-name=${MC_CLUSTER1_NAME} --member-addresses=${MC_CLUSTER1_ADDRESSLIST} --home=${MC_DATA} \

Author: addressed https://github.com/hazelcast/management-center-docker/pull/40/commits/af00a4dca598826d179fc30bcc24c2ce59189741

>       && /mc-start.sh \

Reviewer 2: oops and this is `./mc-start.sh` , (mind the `.`)

Author: I've double checked and `./mc-start.sh` fails with `bash: ./mc-start.sh: No such file or directory`

Reviewer 2: Right, pardon me. I can't see why do we handle the mc-start.sh separately from the rest of the package but nevermind.

Author: 🤷‍♂️

     "]
```

> **NOTE:** `$MC_DATA` env variable is coming from `hazelcast/management-center` and used to save the configuration and other needed data during Management Center running time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** `$MC_DATA` env variable is coming from `hazelcast/management-center`. It is used to save the configuration and other needed data when running Management Center.
```
